---
title: 冥想音频
subtitle: 给身体植入信念
date: 2020-03-30T22:53:02.255Z
author: Rachel
category: 冥想
img: /images/uploads/circling-teacups.jpeg
tags:
  - post
---
The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, block-quotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.

For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Headings, paragraphs, block-quotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled.

‍

#### We love design beautiful things.

Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system. A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing.

‍

> A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing.

‍

The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content.

‍

#### How to customize formatting for each rich text.

The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila!